For a 220mm build, typically these objects were scaled at 72.93% from the source-files models.  For anything in the disc-stack, I probably scaled down or up to the nearest .25mm non-uniform on the z axis to make some of those parts thinner and to appease some misguided OCD.

Also, at the 220mm or below build size some of the more detailed additions to the "Compass" assembly and related hands become more difficult to work with. 



Nostalgia can seldom recapture the awe of an original experience.   They seemed to recognize this in the script for Dial of Destiny.  The latest installment borrows from the past enough to reward those who first experienced Raiders of the Lost Ark in theater but it also has its own voice, vision, style and pacing.   It looks, sounds and feels like an Indy movie while managing to tell its own story apart from the others.    At times, the absence of Spielberg and Lucas' fingerprints on this movie is pretty obvious but not necessarily in detriment to the experience.  Dial of Destiny is a decent adventure romp with familiar faces and stakes and welcome new additions.   

Is it better than Raiders? No but not much is.
Is it better than Temple of Doom?  Maybe.
Is it better than Last Crusade? No.
Is it better than Kingdom of the Crystal Skull? Yes.

Relax and go see it.  


Hello there, apologies in advance if my diction or grammar is weird.  My French isn't very good anymore from lack of practice.  I agree that finding a prop has been very difficult and frankly surprising. That is sort of what led me to create this one.   

I published the plans so that anyone with 3d printer access could build one (on printables.com search for Dial of Destiny) and for anyone without 3d printing capabilities there are some print-on-demand resources out there usually available with maker clubs, etc.   There are some reviews here:

https://all3dp.com/1/best-online-3d-printing-service-3d-print-services/

These aren't very costly to make but they do consume quite a bit of time.  I'm only capable of making 1-2 per week.     I do expect to have a few more available next week because I'm continuing to make improvements after seeing the movie.  eBay polities sort of prevent me from using eBay as a lead generation to private sale.  When this current auction concludes, whatever price it ends at I will use as a basis and I can set a buy it now on the next one I list within a week or so.   If you'd like I can coordinate with you, give you a timeframe when the listing will go live so that you have a chance to use the buy-it-now function if you feel inclined. 

Best Wishes,
BillD